Update the gh-pages README.md (#548)
unicode-org/icu4x: README.md

# ICU4X Github Actions Generated Files

> This branch is for persistent files generated by Github Actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This branch is for persistent files generated by Github Actions. For example, the file persistence is needed by the Continuous Integration benchmark action to construct the graphs with historical information. See [Continuous Integration and Builds](https://github.com/unicode-org/icu4x/blob/main/docs/process/ci_build.md) or CI workflows in `.github/workflows` for more details.
```

> The ICU4X documentation is not in this branch, but is auto-generated and saved to: https://github.com/unicode-org/icu4x-docs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ICU4X API documentation webpages are not in this branch, but are auto-generated and copied by CI to: https://github.com/unicode-org/icu4x-docs
```
